changed link to page where the information is displayed (#23298)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlinputelement/webkitdirectory/index.md

{{APIRef("File and Directory Entries API")}}

The **`HTMLInputElement.webkitdirectory`** is a property

> that reflects the {{htmlattrxref("webkitdirectory", "input/file")}} HTML attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that reflects the [`webkitdirectory`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/file#webkitdirectory) HTML attribute
```
